Design new .NET Core Setup/Install area; Rewrite prereqs articles; Add package managers (#15569)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/setup/linux-package-manager-ubuntu-1604.md

> ```bash
> sudo apt-get install -y gpg
> wget -qO- https://packages.microsoft.com/keys/microsoft.asc | gpg --dearmor > microsoft.asc.gpg
> sudo mv microsoft.asc.gpg /etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/
> wget -q https://packages.microsoft.com/config/ubuntu/16.04/prod.list
> sudo mv prod.list /etc/apt/sources.list.d/microsoft-prod.list
> sudo chown root:root /etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/microsoft.asc.gpg
> sudo chown root:root /etc/apt/sources.list.d/microsoft-prod.list
> sudo apt-get install -y apt-transport-https
> sudo apt-get update
> sudo apt-get install dotnet-runtime-3.0
> ```

## Install the ASP.NET Core runtime

Update the products available for installation, then install the ASP.NET Core runtime. In your terminal, run the following commands.

```bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install apt-transport-https
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install aspnetcore-runtime-3.0
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you receive an error message similar to **Unable to locate package aspnetcore-runtime-3.0**, run the following commands.
>
> ```bash
> sudo dpkg --purge packages-microsoft-prod && sudo dpkg -i packages-microsoft-prod.deb
> sudo apt-get update
> sudo apt-get install aspnetcore-runtime-3.0
> ```
>

> > If that doesn't work, you can run a manual install with the following commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If that doesn't work, you can install manually with the following commands:
```

---
title: Install .NET Core on Ubuntu 16.04 with package manager
description: Use a package manager to install .NET Core SDK and runtime on Ubuntu 16.04.
author: thraka
ms.author: adegeo
ms.date: 11/06/2019
---

> # RHEL 7 Package Manager - Install .NET Core

Reviewer 2: ditto

> > [!div class="op_single_selector"]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> [!div class="op_single_selector"]
>
```
